Paramater name	Required	Description
workspace	Required	Every account has a workspace ID. You can find yours with your API token in your settings area
qr_data	Required	When using the default qr_type of "Link" this has to be a valid URL. With the type "Text" this can be any plain text
qr_type	Defaults to "Link"	This defaults to "Link" and can only currently be "Link or "Text". "Text" QR codes are plain text and can only be static (not dynamic)
dynamic	Defaults to false	Your QR code is static by default. Set this to true to make it a dynamic QR code.
display_name	Not required	You can optionally add a display name to your QR codes so they are easier to organise in your Hovercode dashboard (the display_name isn't customer facting)
domain	Not required (defaults to the default domain from your workspace)	[Only applies to dynamic QR codes, has effect on static codes] If you have multiple custom domains linked to your workspace, you can specify which you want to use here.
generate_png	Not required (defaults to false)	Set this to true to include a .png and .svg QR code in your response. This slows down the response. Without this set to true, the QR code is only returned as an SVG string. You can retrieve the .png or .svg file in future requests even if this has not been sert to true.
gps_tracking	Not required (defaults to false)	This is to enable the GPS tracking feature for the QR code. It's only for dynamic codes. More details.
error_correction	Not required (defaults to 'Q' without a logo or 'H' with a logo)	Use this to set the error correction of your QR code. Options are L, M, Q, or H
size	Not required (defaults to 220)	Sets the size of the QR code in pixels. Defaults to 220. The height is set automatically based on the width and the frame (the same if it's a square frame)
logo_url	Not required	Optionally add a url to an image to use it as a logo in your QR code. Don't use a massive image file and stick with pngs or jpegs
logo_round	Not required	When creating a QR code with a logo, you can set this to True to force the logo into a circle shape
primary_color	Not required (defaults to #111111)	Change the color of your QR code by adding a valid HEX color code (including the '#')
background_color	Not required	Change the color of your QR code background by adding a valid HEX color code (including the '#'). By default, the QR code has no background color set (it's transparent).
pattern	Not required (defaults to "Original")	This refers to the shape of the pattern in your QR code. The default is "Original" and the options are: Original, Circles, Squares, Diamonds, Triangles
eye_style	Not required (defaults to "Square")	This sets the style of the "eyes" on the three corners of the QR code. "Square" is the default and the other options are: Rounded, Drop, and Leaf
frame	Not required	By default your generated QR code will have no frame. The frames available through the API are the same ones you can use at hovercode.com. They are: border, border-small, border-large, square, speech-bubble, speech-bubble-above, card, card-above, text-frame, round-frame, circle-viewfinder, solid-spin, burst, scattered-lines, polkadot, and swirl
has_border	Not required	Some frames have a "border" option, which is false by default. If you are using a frame that has a border option you want to use, set this to true. This has no effect on QR codes using no frame or a frame with no border option.
text	Not required	Some frames have a "text" option, which is empty by default. If you are using a frame that has a text option you want to use, set the text here. Depending on the frame, it will have a max length. This has no effect on QR codes using no frame or a frame with no text option.